{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Prototype analysis and design\
\
The vancouver symphony orchestra website fails to send a cohesive message to the user about the extent of the site. This stems mainly from the fact that the site has two main purposes, firstly to propagate orchestra culture, and secondly to sell tickets. There is no clear divisions between the system and this causes confusion amount the users.\
	\
	The general page layout consists of a top bar with quick links to the 6 major divisions of the website, This is a reasonable way to separate the parts of the website, and it was integrated into the prototype. on the left side of most pages is a set of quick links that mirror the links on the centre column, These links were deemed superfluous and were removed from the initial prototype. on the right hand side of every page is a static set of links that include a calendar, login, search bar, as well as set of specialty links which can be reached through other methods. It was deemed unnecessary to have the calendar on every page because it is not directly correlated to tasks outside of buying tickets, The search bar and loving were moved to the top right hand corner of the page and the set of links were removed completly.\
\
	What is left is essentially only the centre column and top selection bar. The page is significantly less cluttered without the two side bars but the page still lacks a spa ration between the two main functionalities of the page. In the prototype colour repletion and simplification were the main methods used to streamline the webpage. The much more refined websites such as the Berlin Philharmonic and the New Zealand orchestra were studied for ideas. The Upcoming events were consolidated into a single pane that displays all events while offering the user the ability to either by tickets "yellow" or read about the performance "VSO red". Below the events slider a distinction has been made by separating the articles and culture notices from the ticket purchasing functions.\
\
	The prototype covers the functionality of buying a ticket to show. which is divided into 6 parts of making the purchase Concert Selection, Seat Selection, Ticket Conformation, user validation, payment, and the purchase overview. The flow of the ticket purchase borrows heavily from the Berlin philharmonic website which after the reviewing eight other pages was deemed to be the most intuitive, it also shares quite a few similarities with the Amazon and Newegg checkout system. \
}